Power so i'm gonna spend some time exploring your vision for what an exciting future might look like, so I guess it makes the first question, I could lie run it why you already yeah. myself that frequently.  The word we're trying to dig a hole under la, and this is to create the beginning of will hopefully be a 3D network of tunnels. To alleviate congestion, so I mean right now, one of the most soul, destroying things is traffic and affects people in every part of the world, it takes away so much of your life and your business it's it's horrible it's particularly horrible in La. And, and so I think you've you've brought with you, the first visualization that's been shown to this coming again I show this yeah absolutely So this is the first time yeah we're just to sort of show what we're talking about so that a couple of key things that are important in having.  A 3D talent network, first of all, you have to be able to integrate the entrance and exit of the tunnel seamlessly into the fabric of the city. So, by having a an elevator sort of a car skate that's on on an elevator you can integrate the entrances and exits to the talent network just by using two parking spaces. And then the car gets on escape there's no speed limit here so we're designing this to be able to operate 200 kilometers an hour about 100 200 kilometers an hour or about 130 miles per hour. So you should be able to get from say. westwood to Le X in six minutes, five, six minutes. Possibly initially down it's like an unnecessary toll road type basis yeah which I guess alleviate some traffic from the surface streets as well. So I think if you will notice that, in the video but that there's no real limit to how many levels of of tunnel, you can have. That you can go much further deep, then you can go up the deepest mines are much deeper than the tallest buildings are tall, so you can alleviate any. Arbitrary level of urban congestion with with the 3D total network, this is a very important point so akira bottle to the tunnels, is that if you add. One layer of tunnels, then that will simply alleviate congestion will get used up and. And then you'll be back where you started back with congestion, but you can go to any arbitrary number of tunnels any number of levels, but people seem traditional it's incredibly expensive today and that would block this idea yeah. Well, their rights to give you an example, the La subway extension, which is a it's a two and a half mile extension that was just completed for $2 billion so it's roughly a billion dollars a mile to the subway extension in La, and this is not the highest utility subway in the world. So yeah it's quite difficult to dig tunnels normally I think we need to have at least a tenfold improvements in the cost per mile of tunneling and how did you achieve that I guess. Actually, if you just do two things you can get to approximately an order of magnitude improvement, and I think you can go beyond that So the first thing to do is to cut the tunnel tunnel diameter. by a factor of two or more so it's a single road lane tunnel would current regulations has to be 26 feet, maybe 28 feet in diameter, to allow for crashes and emergency vehicles. and sufficient ventilation, for a combustion engine cars, but if you if you shrink that diameter to what we're attempting, which is 12 feet, which is plenty to get an electric skate through.
