President trump you nominated me coney beret over the weekend to succeed the light Ruth Bader Ginsburg on the Court you say, the Constitution is clear about your obligation and the senate's to consider. A nominated the Court Vice President Biden, you say that this is an effort by the President and Republicans to jam through and an appointment and what you call. an abuse of power My first question to both of you tonight, why are you right and make the argument you make, and your opponent wrong and where do you think. A justice Barrett would take the core President trump and that's for a segment you go first two minutes, thank you very much, Chris I will tell you very simply, we won the election. Elections have consequences we have the Senate, we have the White House and we have a phenomenal nominee respected by all top top academic. Good in every way good in every way in fact some of her biggest endorsers are very liberal people from Notre Dame and other places, so I think she's going to be fantastic we have plenty of time. Even if we did it after the election itself, I have a lot of time after the election, as you know, so I think that she will be outstanding she's going to be. as good as anybody that has served on that court, we really feel that we have a professor at Notre Dame highly respected by all said she's the single greatest.  Student he's ever had he's been a professor, for a long time and a great school and we just we won the election, and therefore we have the right. to choose her and very few people knowingly would say otherwise and, by the way the democrats they wouldn't even think about not doing it if they had the only differences said, try and do it faster. there's no way they would give it up, they had merrick Garland, but the problem is they didn't have the election, so they were stopped. and probably that would happen in reverse also definitely would happen reverse, so we won the election, and we have the right to do it, Chris President trump Thank you same question to your Vice President Biden, you have two minutes Well, first of all. Thank you for doing this and looking forward to dismiss pregnant I. The American people have a right to have a say who the Supreme Court nominee is that say occurs when they vote for a United States senators and when they vote for the President United States. they're not going to get that chance now because we're in the middle of an election already election has already started. 10s of thousands of people have already voted, and so the thing is should happen is, we should wait. We should wait and see what the outcome of this election is because that's, the only way the American people get to express their view is by who they elected as president and who they elect as Vice President. Now what's at stake here, the president's made it clear, he wants to get rid of the affordable care act he's been running on that he ran on that and he's been governing on that he's in the Supreme Court right now trying to get rid of. The affordable care Act, which will strip 20 million people from having insurance, health insurance now if they if it goes into court and. And the justice and I have nothing i'm not opposed to the justice system, she seems like a very fine person what she's written before she went in the bench which is her right. that she thinks that the affordable care act is not constitutional The other thing is on the Court and struck down what happens women's rights are fundamentally changed once again.  A woman can be helped pay more money because she has a pre existing condition of pregnancy we're able to they're able to charge a woman more for the same exact procedure amanda.  gets and that ended when we in fact past the affordable care act and there's 100 million people have pre existing condition and they'll be taken away as well. Those pre existing conditions insurance companies are gonna love this and so it's just not appropriate. To do this before this election, if he wins the election and the Senate is democrat or republican then he goes forward if not we should wait until February or aren't 100 million people with pre existing conditions as far as the say is concerned, the people already had their say they. Okay justice Ginsburg said very powerfully very strongly at some point. 10 years ago, or so she said, a president and the Senate is elected for a period of time, but a president's elected for four years we're not elected for three years i'm not elected for three years. So we have the Senate, we have a president elected to the next during that period of time during that period of time, we have an opening i'm not elected for three years i'm elected for four years and. Joe the hundred million people is totally wrong I don't know where you got that number the bigger problem that you have is that you're going to extinguish 180 million people with their private health care that they're very simply not true, well, you said socialist, I only just social. Gentlemen we're now into open discussion open discussion discussion, yes I great advice press number one. He he knows that what I proposed what I propose is that we expand obamacare and we increase it, we do not wipe any and one of the big debates we had with 23.  of my colleagues, trying to win the nomination that I want we're saying that Biden wanted to allow people to have private insurance till. They can they do, they will under my proposal that would you said and it's not what I said, is simply already doesn't say your party wants to go socialist. Party is any social is now I am and they're going to dominate you Joe you know that I am the Democratic Party, right now, the platform of the Democratic Party, is what I in fact approved of what I approved.  Now here's the deal, the deal is that is going to wipe out pre existing condition, by the way the 20 200,200,000 people that have died on his watch. There, how many of those as in depth survive or 7 million people is contracted covert what does it mean for them going forward if you strike down. The affordable care act, you know you've had 308,000 military people dying because you couldn't provide them proper health care in the military, so no tell me about happy to talk about, and if you were here, you can do. It would be 2 million people, because you were very late in the draw unit in China, which was heavily infected you didn't want me to ban all right, gentlemen.You would have been much later just a problem later, Mr project in about 2 million people you're not a writer. we're going to talk about covert in the next segment, but what what had let me finish the point is that the President also, as opposed to roe V Wade. that's on the ballot as well, and the Court and the Court and so that's also at stake, right now, and so the election is all valid, why is it in the ballot because. The ballot it's on the ballot in the morning said in the Court was nothing happening there Donna, we just don't know her view on roe V Wade I don't know you well alright that's alright let's talk. We got a lot to unpack here, gentlemen, we got a lot of time, so. on health care and we'll then we'll come back to roe V Wade all right, Mr President, the Supreme Court will hear. A case a week after the election in winter, the trump administration, along with 18 state attorneys general. are seeking to overturn that's right obamacare to end obamacare you have spent the last three cars that want to give it Okay, if I may ask.  Questions question, Sir, good health care over the last four years you have promised to repeal and replace obamacare, but you have never in these four years, come up with a plan, a comprehensive plans in place obamacare will say well i'll get. rid of the individual mandate, which was.That is absolutely a big thing that was the mixer was.  Like well as Joe you know, Joe mandate was the most unpopular aspect of obamacare I get rid of i'd like they will be. Your Moderator of this debate, and I would like you to let me ask my question and then you can answer go ahead train. You in the course of these four years i've never come up with a comprehensive plan to replace. obamacare and just this last Thursday you signed a largely symbolic executive order to protect people.bWith pre existing conditions, five days before this debate, so my question, Sir, is what is the trump health care plan Well, first of all I guess i'm debating you not him but that's okay i'm not surprised, let me just tell you something that. there's nothing symbolic i'm cutting drug prices i'm going with favored nations which no President as encouraged to do because you're going against big pharma. Drug prices will be coming down 80 or 90% you could have done it during your 47 year period in government, but you didn't do it. nobody's done it so we're cutting health care about all of the things that we've done is.  I give you an example insulin it's going to it was destroying families, destroying people, the cause i'm getting it for so cheap.  it's like water, you want to know the truth so cheap take a look at all of the drugs that what we're doing prescription drug prices.
